- [Instructor] Now let's create our service interface.
Our reservation service will help abstract away
some of the details of interactions
with the MongoDB Database.
Let's click on the root package, select new,
package and name it service.
Right-click on the service package,
select new, Java Class,
select interface,
and let's name it reservation service.
Let's create a method called get reservation.
We are going to return a Mono that emits a reservation.
Alt + enter to import.
And let's accept a string parameter called price name.
Now let's create another method
called create reservation,
using the same return type as before.
This method will accept a Mono
that emits a reservation as a parameter.
Now let's create a method called update reservation.
We are going to take in two parameters,
a string ID and also a Mono that emits a reservation.
Let's close the project window for readability.
Then one final method for deleting a reservation.
Let's return a Mono that emits a Boolean,
for true or false,
if the delete operation was successful.
And let's accept a string ID as a parameter.
Open up the project window,
right-click on the service package,
go to new, Java Class.
Let's name it reservation service impl.
Now, let's implement the reservation service interface.
And, let's use the keyboard shortcut, command + n.
Select implement methods
and now let's stub out each method
from the interface.
Now let's inject our reactive Mongo template.
Let's create a private final of the type
reactive Mongo operations.
And then let's use command + n
to create a constructor.
Be sure reactive Mongo operations
is selected and press okay.
Then let's add in an autowired annotation.
We will now inject this reactive Mongo template
we defined in our data config
into our reservation service impl.
On the method get reservation,
let's invote the reactive Mongo operations template.
Call the method find by ID.
Let's actually rename this variable to ID.
Now let's go to the method create reservation.
Let's call the reactive Mongo operations template.
Let's call the method save
and let's pass in the reservation object.
And let's be sure to add a service annotation
to our implementation.
The service annotation is a specialization
of the component annotation.
This service class can now be injected where it's needed.
Later on in the course, we will implement
the update and delete reservation endpoints.
Those are a bit more complicated.
But for now, we have get and create
functionality in place.
Let's head back into the reservation service.
Let's actually rename this parameter
to make it a more accurate variable name.
Let's right click, go to refactor,
and then rename.
And let's name it to ID.